
Read AI chapter 1,2 in book
GO through lect videoes for week2
do week2 tute task

Print anything else that comes up


print week 5 AI
go through week 1 and assignment 1 for business unit


business unit assessment 1 questions:
	Any format for the briefing paper? any demo from past students on different topics?
	--follow the structure given in word doc, that will be the external structure,
	
	then for ethics and validation parts--the internal flow will follow the peas and ethical theory stuff
	
	but overall it will have the explicit structure of the one given in word doc
	
	
	It also said using "least one (1) of the theories/principles from the unit’s Ethics Module ", but was not finding the ethics module.... (is this referring to the the ethical theories spoken about in Critical thoery (consequentialism, rights and duty...) and Peases (front page, nana .... tests) which we have to understand by self study and googling)
	or will it be released later on in more details on a later week?
	---will be discussed next week
	
	How deep? or how many papers at least for research on topic? reference min limit?
	(at least 15 different reference, they cant just be wiki)
	
	
	
	
	
AI STUFF (the tute part):
		find the way to split string every second " " (space), then split again every second space and store in different object, then split again at comma and remove the "[" and "]" from string and stroe the 2 numbers
		
		a.split(" ", 2) will split the string upto the second occurrence of -. ()to split in every second occurance of " " (space)
		---this doesnt work, so went with split via " [" method. Now will have to put in the code similiar to route to pass them as relevant data type in object class like "route"
		
		+but will also need to fix the starting as its just taking the very first line and not all the lines (see previous route task and try the each method or smth or use the thing that "tausif" did for the starting using streamreader's splitter)
		
		alternatively, split using "[", then split using "] " (symbol and space) into two object, and then split using comma to seperate the two numbers